Print template path chain in TemplateNotFound exception (#11886)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: CHANGES.rst

  Patch by James Addison.
* #11874: Configure a default 30-second value for ``linkcheck_timeout``.
  Patch by James Addison.

> * #11886: Print Jinja2 template path chain in ``TemplateNotFound`` exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #11886: Print the Jinja2 template path chain in ``TemplateNotFound`` exceptions.
```
